[Distributed] Fix a typo in readme (#3667)
dmlc/dgl: examples/pytorch/graphsage/experimental/README.md

DGL provides a script to launch the training job in the cluster. `part_config` and `ip_config`
specify relative paths to the path of the workspace.

> The command below launches one training process on each machine and each training process has 0 sampling processes.

Reviewer: The sentence sounds like we are not using sampling at all. How about
```suggestion
The command below launches one process per machine for both sampling and training.
```
